Abort the mission!
All units, retreat!
Eight!
I told you, we're retreating right now!
You're just rats in a trap!
Let go of me!
I'll make sure to come back!
I will come back
and blow your heads off, you bastards!
Retreat!
All units, retreat!
Sir! Put on your mask!
Abort the mission! Retreat!
Abort the mission!
Retreat!
You jerk! You're such an idiot!
You coward!
Why did you do something so stupid?
If it weren't for Soo-ho,
you would've all been killed!
It's really true
they're trying to kill us all!
Quiet!
They've all retreated!
Go wash up now!
Hurry up!
Eung-cheol, lock Comrade Joo and Ms. Oh
in the basement.
Okay.
It's been confirmed that Director Eun, who
was taken to the hospital and had surgery,
is in critical condition at the moment.
Director Eun was injured
while trying to rescue
the hostages himself,
so many citizens are praying
that he get better soon--
Mr. Choi.
Yes, ma'am?
Was it really the spies that shot him?
Pardon? I'm not sure what you're asking.
Isn't this an election scheme?
The North and South planned
this hostage situation together.
But the mere pawns dared to shoot
the director of the ANSP?
It doesn't make sense.
Well, that's true.
But Mr. Eun went in to save his daughter,
and the spies--
I can't wrap my head
around this situation.
Your boss has been shot, Mr. Choi.
But you don't have any doubts about it?
Confronting their frantic provocation,
we tried to take them down using force,
but the spies
strapped bombs to all 34 hostages.
So we had no choice but to
regretfully retreat for their safety.
The bombs they have
are too many for this hostage-taking
to have been accidental…
The bombs we have are too many?
So this is how these bastards
are covering it up?
How's Mr. Eun?
They said the surgery went well,
but he's still unconscious.
Keep monitoring him. And Han-na,
stay safe. Over and out.
Eun is still not conscious.
Before Eun Chang-su comes around,
Nam Tae-il will desperately
try to end this hostage situation.
To make a great contribution
and make up
for trying to kill Eun Chang-su.
Bombs strapped to the hostages
and too many bombs…
Seeing how they're lying,
I think they're planning
to set off the bombs around the dorm.
We must let the press know
that they're going to blow up the dorm.
But that's not going to save us.
We must cut off their money.
If we do that, both the South and
the North won't be able to kill us rashly.
You mean the money
the South is going to send the North?